>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So the use case for
this is if you have a legacy.
Or an [INAUDIBLE] application
that's not using ngrx.
It is kind of as you can see.
There's a lot of kind of moving
pieces that you have to do
before you even get to the component.
What you can do is create
a facade that will stand in place
of ngrx and communicate with the facade.
And so that may communicate with
your server directly, or whatever.
But then under the hood, then you start
to replace those pieces with ngrx.
And so this is a really good way of,
I would love to use NGR racks, but
I don't really have the luxury of
tearing of the entire floorboards
from my application and gutting it and
then basically redoing everything.
Because as you can see we've kind of
taken the entire project's component,
and kind of ripped it out and
put it back together.
Well now with a facade what you can
do is put that in place of NGR rex.
Communicate with the facade and
then piece it out is you're ready.
There's a situation now where we're
doing NGRX, but the backend isn't ready,
and so what we're doing is we're
simply putting a facade in.
We're feeding it in fake data,
and our components don't care.
And then, so it's a brand new application
but as we're building this out and
we're waiting for
some clarification from the back end,
is those pieces are pretty
much fundamentally decoupled.
And as we find here's a data concern, is
that we simply need to communicate it to
the facade and then whoever's working
on the other side of the facade.
Then it has an opportunity to say,
let's work with this.
And so now we're just taking mock data,
putting it in the facade.
And then once we validate the user flow,
then we move that into mock
services that we feed into NGRX.
And then once we're at that point,
then we once the back end's ready,
we flip the switch and we're good to go.
But by creating those
layers of abstraction,
what you can do is when we
want to test the application,
because we've already built it out
with a mark back end, a mark data set.
Is that for instance when you
wanna do [INAUDIBLE] testing
that you can do it in a vacuum.
We are not doing it against a real server.
Is that you're just testing
the user flows in by feeding,
you know this data into NGRX,
which then feeds into your facade.
So it's just a way to create these nice
divisions where as you're working on
a piece you don't have to worry about the
implementation pieces on the other side.
And so
this is why I quite like facades and
where I really got hooked is I realized
that I don't have to do this all at once.
I can just, and you even saw how I was
implementing this, I'm picking it up and
I'm moving it into the facade.
It's almost like cut, copy, paste,
cut, paste, cut, paste or copy, paste.
Once it was there, then I just had to call
the facade and it was business as normal.
But then somebody could come along and
start to replace those things with NGRX.